girl it is hotter than precious side
boob in this room right now I can't it's
no mmm don't you love it when water
bottles are so cold as they get the
frosted outside in this cute this is
what I got this just because it has like
power and I've been like working out
well working out to me is like running
on treadmill and jogging not even
running yeah jogging and walking on a
treadmill so I'm tired it's so cute I
just get these because of the little
drawings on them ok guys so today's
video is going to be another sketch a
day because I promised you videos as
usual like the five days a week since I
was gone on vacation a lot of you guys
been asking where did you go to it was
on vacation so today I thought I would
do something really creepy and weird and
it's summertime and it's super duper
duper hot like it's been in the hundred
degrees in California and I can't deal
me I like the cold weather and coats and
sweaters and snuggling with my dog on
the couch I don't like hot no so I was
thinking about all the things that
actually want to try to do this summer
because I've been getting a little kind
of used to it I still don't like summer
that much but you know like stuff on
your bucket list like stuff you want to
do while you're young and you could like
be mobile and not like break your back
or something and one of them was I told
you I wanted to go to Japan before in a
previous video of course my grandma
hopefully that'll happen someday but
that's a lot of moolah and I don't got
it but since I was a child since like
you went to the zoo and had fun I still
go to the zoo and have fun but like I've
always wanted to ride an elephant I have
no clue why I think I did at one time
with my cousin's when I was super young
and barely remember it but I want to
ride an actual elephant in real life and
not kill myself and get knocked off so
today I thought I would draw an elephant
but of course you know
me I have to draw like a creepy twist to
it so here we go so elephants are giant
land mammals I hope you know this once
you've been living under a rock maybe
you don't learn about elephants in
school who knows but I wanted to do
something on a creepy twist and show
it's like skeleton insides because I've
been obsessed with this TV show called
oddities I don't know if I've told you
this before I didn't feel like drawing
them on a sketch of day soon because I
like cannot miss an episode and they are
obsessed with the weird and crazy
antiques and odd things and they sell
them to other people and go scouring
across and different parts of the United
States go find things for people and
give it to them it is so so good in like
one of their specialties is skeletons
because there's a guy that does
exploding skeletons which is basically
on the show he takes like a skull and he
puts in a whole bunch of parts and then
has wires like attached to the pieces so
it looks like it's exploding but it's
all connected with wires and you're like
a gap gasps glass case gasps case that
makes no sense can't but yeah it is so
interesting like the artistry that takes
to do that it's like oh my gosh I can
never ever ever accomplish such things
so I've been like just into like weird
things and traveling and I watch travel
channel things like an old person and
dork I would only watch that with my
grandpa maybe I'm like missing him
somewhere in my mind and I'm like why
don't I just watch it instead so yeah I
liked how this came out I mean I kind of
like should have put it higher up and
maybe a little smaller so i can include
the feet by was like yeah i really liked
how that came out I didn't want to like
start over because by the time I was
like practically that I'm like oh he
should have feet and they want to draw
on the thing below because the next day
we're going to draw something pretty
cool and interesting as well and i hope
you like this creepy zoo type elephant
would it be so cool if they had a zombie
zoo maybe that's just me so hopefully
guys like my weird zoology dead skeleton
zombie kind of elephant would you call
it I don't know but I had so much fun
drawing it if you wanted to know i was
listening to like the postal service
while drawing this yeah back in the old
days when i listen to them in high
school you draw like on the weekends
dead animals and listen to puzzle
service that's what i do how about you I
know I creepy your parents would not
want me to be around you probably know
maybe I don't know but thank you guys so
much for watching and leave me a comment
on some things that you want to do this
summer it is still hot I need to like
quench my thirst in like lie in front of
air conditioner for a while so i will
talk to you guys soon probably tomorrow
most definitely and i love you i'll buy
you know the ladies they like sudden
kissed skin I think yeah we like that
right yeah now just blend that all in
you don't want it to look like a tumor
growing from your neck or a goiter you
want it to look like you know that
there's an actual like lump of an Adam's
apple and not a twin spouting from your
neck